very close. very close it's just that the the situation my daughter's in she just needs to make some changes to better her her life. and I'll be telling

 tell me more about that?
 she's um. she's kinda like stubborn in her own way you know i was raised to listen to your mom you know your mom's not gonna tell you nothing wrong and i've been telling her over the years you know different things and it's it's kinda like i was talking to a wall because she she did the opposite

 mhm?
 and now she's she regretting it you know 'cause she's like my mom told me this you know mom i'm doing the opposite so i guess she gotta bump her head a couple of times to get it it's kinda like i done told you i done left it alone and now it's up to you to make the change

 yeah. how hard is that?
 it's very frustrating because it's like i'm talking to a wall and she's not hearing me and i'm like it seem like it's taking forever for her to change but it's left up to the individual whenever they're ready you know what i mean once the person get tired of something they'll make it change it may not be when you want it to happen but

 yeah. yeah?
 the ball is her court you know. i only can do so much

 i'm sorry. i see what you mean. how easy is it for you to get a good night's sleep?
 oh wow. i have my days um. since i have two little ones um i kinda like trained them to go to bed at eight o clock because you know they gotta go to school and i think it's important to have a good night's rest because it kinda like. <clears throat> it it kinda like gets you ready for the next day or you know how you gonna feel if you rested what type of person you'll be that day you know 'cause everybody have they days whether they're good or bad but that's just a part of life and i feel like if you had a good night's good good night's rest hopefully you'll have a good day you know

 mhm. do you feel that way often?
 pretty much you know i need my rest because i'm out there driving that bus and dealing with all these people and you know  the job itself if very stressful so i feel like if i'm rested it'll help me

 right. what are you like when you don't sleep well?
 what am i like irritated tired um lazy. you know. feel like i wanna lay down probably go to sleep <laughter> get the rest that i need but <laughter>

 <laughter>. what do you do when you're annoyed?
 i never thought about that. i just you know. 'cause like i said you know everybody have their moments they do i never thought about that. hm

 hm okay. have you ever served in the military?
 no

 have you been diagnosed with depression?
 no

 okay. how would you best friend describe you?
 i don't really have a best friend but a person that i deal with and i used to work with um she would probably tell you that i'm very um outgoing a go getter. dependable responsible. i'm a um people person. i get along with others you know i'm kinda like. um. i leave a good a a good mark

 mhm?
 whether i know you or not if you was to you know like. like you and i now you know i um. you'd probably say oh she seems like a nice young lady or whatever you know something like that

 right. that's great?
 thank you

 when was the last time you felt really happy?
 well. i try to stay happy i'd rather be happy than sad my kids keep me going you know what i mean. especially when i go to pick them up from school or their being hey mom you know that just kinda make my day

 yeah?
 just them run up to me you know and be happy and excited you know what i mean

 aw. yeah. that's so good to hear?
 thank you

 Are you depressed?
